{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\qj\fi720\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright 
\b\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qc\widctlpar\adjustright \fs14\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text 2;}}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid547497159}
{\list\listtemplateid67698689\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid915821478}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid547497159\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid915821478\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title A Small Customer Management System of}{\author Tao Zhang}{\operator Tao Zhang}
{\creatim\yr1998\mo12\dy8\hr22\min34}{\revtim\yr1998\mo12\dy15\min47}{\printim\yr1998\mo12\dy15\min30}{\version27}{\edmins392}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords3773}{\nofchars21510}{\*\company Jacobus Technology, Inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\fs32 A Small Customer Management System For
\par 
\par Long Distance Telephone Companies
\par }{\b\fs28 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\ul Thanks
\par }{\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 In this report, first want to thank Dr. Karne. At DBI class, Dr. Karne teaches us DB. We learned so much from Dr. Karne about Database.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\ul 
\par Brief Description
\par }{\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 This is a very small system of managing customer information and telephone calls for small telephone companies. It's going to a tool for those telephone companies to manage the data in their database.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 
\par }{\fs28\ul Introduction
\par }\pard \qj\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\ul 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 The database system I am going to discuss in this report is a small customer management system for telephone companies. This small system i
s going to simulate how telephone companies manage their customers' telephone calls, customers' request of their account records and billing procedures. So telephone companies' service people can use and manage the system to query, modify, add and delete 
customer information in the database. It can generate telephone bills for customers.
\par In this project, I have done some work on trying to understand how the system should work in general. I all the possible references about the customer management procedure 
of telephone companies. After I got the domain expertise about the working procedure, I started the database analysis and modeling for the project. Then, I designed the database based on previous database analysis and modeling. Finally, I implemented the 
database in Oracle database.
\par Before we starting working on the project, we need to know what we should to do for this system.
\par }{\b\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\fs22 Analysis, Design and Implementation are the major steps.
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {The database system is only part of a much larger organizational information system. The database application system (micro) life cycle includes the following phases:
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 1.  System definition: The scope of the database system, its users, and its applications are defined.
\par 2.  Design: at the end of this phase, a complete logical and physical design of the database system on the chosen DBMS is ready.
\par 3.  Implementation: This comprises the process of writing the conceptual, external, and internal database definitions, creating empty database files, and implementing the software applications.
\par 4.  Loading or data conversion: The database is populated either by loading the data directly or by converting existing files into the database system format.
\par 5.  Application conversion: Any software applications from a previous system are converted to the new system.
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 6.    Testing and validation: the new system is tested and validated.
\par 7.    Operation: The database system and its applications are put into operation.
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 8.    Monitoring and main
tenance: during the operational phase, the system is constantly monitored and maintained. Growth and expansion can occur in both data content and software applications. Major modifications and reorganizations may be needed from time to time. 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\li-90\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\ul Database Analysis and Modeling
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 Start working the project, we need to understand how this system should work. We also need to understand the process of database design.
\par We can identify six major phases of database design processes:
\par 1.  Requirements collection and analysis;
\par 2.  Conceptual database design;
\par 3.  Choice of a database management system;
\par 4.  Data model mapping ( also called logical database design );
\par 5.  Physical database design;
\par 6.  Database system implementation.
\par 
\par The six phases mentioned above do not have to proceed strictly in sequence. The feedback loops are common during database design.
\par The heart of the database design process is phases 2, 4, and 5, which we will briefly summarize here:
\par .. Conceptual database design (phase 2): The goal of this phase is 
to produce conceptual schemas for the database that is independent of a specific DBMS. We often use a high-level data model such as the ER or EER model during this phase. In addition, we specify as many of the known database applications or transactions a
s possible, using a notation that is independent of any specific DBMS.
\par .. Data modal mapping (phase 4): This is also called logical database design. During this phase we map (or transform) the conceptual schema from the high-level data modal used in phase 2 into the data model of the DBMS chosen in phase 3.
\par .. Physical database design (phase 5): During this phase we design the specifications for the stored database in terms of physical storage structures, record placement, and access paths. This corresponds 
to designing the internal schema in the terminology of the three-level DBMS architecture.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }{\i\fs24 Requirements Collection and Analysis}{\fs24 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 First, we need to collect all the possibly existing information about telephone customer management sys
tems. This requires us to refer to all possible resources to understand the requirement for the system. I was focusing on creating a SMALL customer database management system for telephone companies. I roughly simulated the working procedure of the system
 
based on all the information I got from different resources.  For example, browsing on the Internet is one of the best ways to collect this information. I also did some research on the telephone bills I have got from Bell Atlantic to figure out what infor
mation they need for billing its customers and how they manage the data in their database system.
\par From the references and information I got and using the above ways, I could understand that, at any telephone company, managing huge amount of data information
 including customer account information, telephone calls made by their customers, different plans for various customers, database information update/modification, charging system, special services and  billing system are their main work.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 Now let\rquote s analyze the whole system.
\par Generally, at any telephone company, they need to bill every statement ending day. This includes fees, calls made, location of each call, time made each call, how long of each call and service charges, etc.
\par They need to maintain and mana
ge customers' information (database). They have interactively handle and answer customers' individual calls, questions and requirements about their accounts, plans, balance and bills. According to customers' requirements, they need to be able to manually 
and automatically update their data information.
\par Telephone companies also need to promote some special plan to get new customers and hold old customers.
\par According the above, we consider the following set of requirements for a small telephone company service database that is used to keep track of customers' bills.
\par 
\par a. Customers information:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 For any telephone company, there should be customers' information. 
So there should be a place in the system to hold all customers records. Which means that we need to create a table or tables to store those customers' records. It includes all the account information for customers. We will have a table to hold this inform
ation. It keeps customer's account number, customer telephone number, telephone area code, first name, last name, and address of the telephone. The customer account number is unique values for each customer.
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par b. Telephone calls made by customers:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 At telepho
ne companies, there are a lot of phone calls being made everyday at any time by their customers. This one also includes a call place table to hold the location of each call so that companies can keep destination location of all the calls when they bill th
eir customers.
\par Each call has a customer account, telephone number of the call, an area code of the call, call time (include date and time), and call minutes. Both customer account number and call time have unique values for each call.
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par c.  Company plans:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 Th
is will keep all the customers' plan information along with their accounts. Each plan has a plan number, plan name, period, start date and expired date of the plan. The plan number is a unique value for each plan.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 d.  Special services and line fix charge information:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
These will keep track special telephone services customers have received and line fix charge information. Each special telephone service has a service number, service name, and monthly service fee. The service number is unique.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 e.  Local tax rate information for each state:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
Telephone companies have to keep local tax rates for all area codes. Based on customers' local area codes, telephone companies will be able to get tax rates for those customers when they are billing their customers.
\par }\pard \qj\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 f.  Rate information for all the plans:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 In order to put the above together, we need to know some other requirements. One of those will be }{\i\fs22\cgrid0 plan rate,}{\fs22\cgrid0 
 which keeps different rates for all the plans. It has a plan number, plan area code, and plan rate. Both plan number and plan area code have unique values for each plan rate.
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
\par g.  Schedule information for customers:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\tx720\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 We need a schedule table, which has a customer account number, entry number for entering telephone companies, schedule number for each schedule period, s
chedule plan numbers, schedule start date, and schedule end date. The customer account number, entry number for entering the telephone companies, and schedule number for each schedule period have unique values for each schedule.
\par }\pard \qj\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 h.  Credit information of customers:
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
We will have a table to keep customers' credit information. Each credit record has a custom's account number, credit number for each customer account number, credit, and reason for explaining each credit's reason. Both 
customer account number and credit number have unique values.
\par }\pard \qj\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs28\ul\cgrid0 
\par Database Design
\par }{\b\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\cgrid0 The second phase of database design involves two parallel activities. The first activity, conceptual schema design, examines the data requirements resulting from phase 1 and p
roduces a conceptual database schema. The second activity, transaction design, examines the database applications analyzed in phase 1 and produces high-level specifications for these transactions. 
\par In this phase of database design, it is important to use a high-level data model-also known as a semantic or conceptual data model.
\par According to the above requirements and analysis, I design ER schemas for this application, and draw an ER diagram for the schemas.
\par }{\fs22 \page \page The following schemas are based on my database analysis, modeling and design. I created twelve schemas for this system.
\par 
\par SPECIAL_SERVICE_FEE
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2100\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3540\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4890\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1512\shptop284\shpright1512\shpbottom572\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz2\shplid1026
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8194\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty288\dpx1512\dpy284\dpxsize0\dpysize288\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul service_num
\cell }{\fs22 service_name\cell monthly_fee\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1512\shptop238\shpright2808\shpbottom238\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz1\shplid1027{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8193\dpline\dpptx1296\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx1512\dpy238\dpxsize1296\dpysize0
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft2808\shptop238\shpright2808\shpbottom526\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz0\shplid1028
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8192
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty288\dpx2808\dpy238\dpxsize0\dpysize288\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par SPECIAL_SERVICE
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1830\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3180\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4260\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5340\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1368\shptop308\shpright1368\shpbottom452\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz3\shplid1029{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8195\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty144\dpx1368\dpy308\dpxsize0\dpysize144
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul account  \cell service_num\cell }{\fs22 start_date\cell end_date\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft360\shptop118\shpright360\shpbottom3286\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz5\shplid1030{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8197\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty3168\dpx360\dpy118\dpxsize0\dpysize3168
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft360\shptop118\shpright1368\shpbottom118\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz4\shplid1031
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8196
\dpline\dpptx1008\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx360\dpy118\dpxsize1008\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par LINE_FIX_CHARGE
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1830\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3090\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4350\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5160\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft504\shptop188\shpright504\shpbottom2636\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz8\shplid1032{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8200\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty2448\dpx504\dpy188\dpxsize0\dpysize2448
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft504\shptop188\shpright792\shpbottom188\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz7\shplid1033
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8199
\dpline\dpptx288\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx504\dpy188\dpxsize288\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul account\cell order_num\cell }{\fs22 charge_fee\cell time\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard 
\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par CREDIT
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1740\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3000\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3900\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4800\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop212\shpright648\shpbottom1652\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz11\shplid1034{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8203\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty1440\dpx648\dpy212\dpxsize0\dpysize1440
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop212\shpright792\shpbottom212\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz10\shplid1035
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8202
\dpline\dpptx144\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx648\dpy212\dpxsize144\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul account  \cell credit_num\cell }{\fs22 credit\cell reason\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard 
\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par LOCAL_TAX
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1920\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2910\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul area_code\cell }{\fs22 tax_rate\cell 
}\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1368\shptop46\shpright1368\shpbottom190\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz15\shplid1036
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8207\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty144\dpx1368\dpy46\dpxsize0\dpysize144\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1368\shptop190\shpright2520\shpbottom190\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz14\shplid1037{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8206\dpline\dpptx1152\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx1368\dpy190\dpxsize1152\dpysize0
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft2520\shptop190\shpright2520\shpbottom478\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz13\shplid1038
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8205
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty288\dpx2520\dpy190\dpxsize0\dpysize288\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par }{\lang1024 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop225\shpright792\shpbottom225\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz12\shplid1039{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8204\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx144\dppty0
\dpx648\dpy225\dpxsize144\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 CUSTOMER
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1740\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2820\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3810\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4620\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5610\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6600\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop260\shpright792\shpbottom260\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz19\shplid1040{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8211\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx144\dppty0
\dpx648\dpy260\dpxsize144\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop260\shpright648\shpbottom1700\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz18\shplid1041
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8210
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty1440\dpx648\dpy260\dpxsize0\dpysize1440\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft504\shptop116\shpright648\shpbottom116\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz9\shplid1042{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8201\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx144\dppty0
\dpx504\dpy116\dpxsize144\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft360\shptop260\shpright648\shpbottom260\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz6\shplid1043
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8198\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx288\dppty0\dpx360\dpy260\dpxsize288\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul account  \cell 
}{\fs22 areacode\cell telname\cell lname\cell fname\cell address\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1224\shptop70\shpright1224\shpbottom214\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz25\shplid1044{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8217\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty144
\dpx1224\dpy70\dpxsize0\dpysize144\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1224\shptop214\shpright5544\shpbottom214\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz24\shplid1045
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8216
\dpline\dpptx4320\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx1224\dpy214\dpxsize4320\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft5544\shptop214\shpright5544\shpbottom1942\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz23\shplid1046{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8215\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty1728\dpx5544\dpy214\dpxsize0\dpysize1728
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft936\shptop70\shpright936\shpbottom502\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz16\shplid1047
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8208\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty432\dpx936\dpy70\dpxsize0\dpysize432\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par CUSTOMER_EXIT
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1830\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2910\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4350\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul account\cell exit_date\cell }{\fs22 exit_balance\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par SCHEDULE
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1740\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2820\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3900\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5070\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft7272\shptop164\shpright7272\shpbottom2180\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz28\shplid1048{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8220\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty2016\dpx7272\dpy164\dpxsize0\dpysize2016
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft5112\shptop164\shpright7272\shpbottom164\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz27\shplid1049
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8219
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx2160\dppty0\dpx5112\dpy164\dpxsize2160\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop20\shpright792\shpbottom20\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz20\shplid1050{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8212\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx144\dppty0\dpx648\dpy20\dpxsize144\dpysize0
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft648\shptop20\shpright648\shpbottom20\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz17\shplid1051
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8209
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx648\dpy20\dpxsize0\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22\ul account  \cell start_date\cell }{\fs22 end_date\cell plan_num\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard 
\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }{\lang1024 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1656\shptop9\shpright5544\shpbottom9\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz22\shplid1052{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8214\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx3888\dppty0\dpx1656\dpy9\dpxsize3888\dpysize0
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1656\shptop9\shpright1656\shpbottom297\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz21\shplid1053
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8213
\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty288\dpx1656\dpy9\dpxsize0\dpysize288\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 CALLS
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1740\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2820\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4080\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5430\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6780\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul account  \cell }\pard \qj\ri-108\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul call_time\cell }\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 call_telnum\cell }\pard 
\qj\ri-108\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 call_areacode\cell }\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 call_minutes\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft2232\shptop-2\shpright4536\shpbottom430\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz26\shplid1054{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8218\dpline\dpptx2304\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty432
\dpx2232\dpy-2\dpxsize2304\dpysize432\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par CALL_PLACES
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2250\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3360\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul call_areacode\cell }{\fs22 call_place
\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1656\shptop166\shpright1656\shpbottom454\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz30\shplid1055
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8222\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty288\dpx1656\dpy166\dpxsize0\dpysize288\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1656\shptop166\shpright7272\shpbottom166\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz29\shplid1056{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8221\dpline\dpptx5616\dppty0\dpptx0\dppty0\dpx1656\dpy166\dpxsize5616\dpysize0
\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par PLAN
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1920\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3180\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4350\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5610\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul plan_num\cell }{\fs22 plan_name\cell plan_start
\cell plan_expire\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\lang1024 
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft1512\shptop47\shpright1656\shpbottom479\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbypara\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz31\shplid1057{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 1}}
{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn lineEndArrowhead}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8223\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx144\dppty432
\dpx1512\dpy47\dpxsize144\dpysize432\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\fs22 
\par PLANRATE
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh314\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1920\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3450\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4530\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22\ul plan_num  \cell plan_areacode\cell }{\fs22 plan_rate\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs22 \row }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \ul\cgrid {\b DOMAIN APPLICATION
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\i\fs22 Tables
\par }{\b\fs22 
\par . CUSTOMER
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : Customer account number. The data type is VARCHAR2(20).
\par       areacode\tab : Customer telephone areacode. The data type is VARCHAR2(10)
\par       telnum\tab : Customer telephone number. The data type is CHAR(15)
\par       lname\tab : Customer first name. The data type is VARCHAR2(15)
\par       fname\tab : Customer last name. The data type is VARCHAR2(15)
\par       address\tab : Customer telephone address. The data type is VARCHAR2(100)
\par    
\par }{\b\fs22 . CUSTOMER_EXIT
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : Customer account number. The data type is VARCHAR2(20).
\par       exit_date\tab : Customer exits the telephone company on this date. The data type is DATE.
\par       exit_balance: The account balance when the customer exits the telephone company. The data
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   type is FLOAT. 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22                    
\par }{\b\fs22 .  SCHEDUE
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : (This is the same as above.)
\par }\pard \qj\fi-1440\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       start_date\tab : Customer entries one telephone call rate plan on this date. The data type is 
\par }\pard \qj\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   DATE.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       end_date\tab : Customer exits the telephone call rate plan on this date. The data type is DATE.
\par       plan_num\tab : The number of the telephone call rate plan. The data type is INT.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  LOCAL_TAXRATE 
\par }{\fs22       areacode\tab : Telephone areacode. This controls the customer telephone areacode so that the
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   telephone company can charge the tax for local. The data type is CHAR(10).
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       tax_rate\tab : The local tax rate. The local where the customer telephone number is.
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   The data type is FLOAT.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  CALLS
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : (This is the same as the above)
\par       call_time\tab : The time the customer made this call. This includes the date and time. The data
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   type is DATE.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       call_telnum\tab : The telephone number of the call that the customer made. The data type is
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   VARCHAR2(15).
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       call_areacode: The telephone areacode that the customer made the call to. The data type is
\par }\pard \qj\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22    CHAR(10).
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       call_minutes: How long was each call. The data type is INT
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  CALL_PLACES
\par }{\fs22       call_areacode: (This is the same as the above).
\par       call_place\tab : The place that customer made the call to. The data type is VARCHAR2(50).
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  PLAN
\par }{\fs22       plan_num\tab : The number of each fee rate plan of telephone company. The data type is INT.
\par       plan_name\tab : The name of each fee rate plan of telephone company. The data type is
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   VARCHAR2(20).
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       plan_start\tab : The plan of telephone company starts on this date. The data type is DATE.
\par       plan_expire\tab : The plan ends on this date. The data type is DATE.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  PLANRATE
\par }{\fs22       plan_num\tab : (This is the same as the above).
\par       plan_areacode: Rate of each call with this areacode. The data type is CHAR(10).
\par       plan_rate\tab : The plan's each call rate of an area code. The data type is FLOAT.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  CREDIT
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : Customer account number. The data type is VARCHAR2(20).
\par       credit_date\tab : The date when the service person makes the credit. The data type is DATE.
\par       credit\tab : This will appear on customers\rquote  bills. This is various adjustment of customer
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   telephone fee charges. The data type is FLOAT.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22       reason\tab : The service person put the credit's reason, date, etc. on it. The data type is
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22   VARCHAR2(200).
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22  
\par }{\b\fs22 .  LINE_FIX_CHARGE
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : (See the above CUSTOMER ).
\par       order_num\tab : Order number of each fix. The data type is INT.
\par       charge_fee\tab : The telephone line fix charges. The data type is FLOAT.
\par       Time\tab : The line is fixed on the date. The data type is DATE.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  SPECIAL_SERVICE
\par }{\fs22       service_num: Service number. What services. The data type is INT.
\par       service_name: The name of the service. The data type is VARCHAR2(50).
\par       monthly_fee: The monthly charge of the service. The data type is FLOAT.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 .  SPECIAL_SERVICE_FEE
\par }{\fs22       account\tab : Customer account number. The data type is VARCHAR2(20).
\par       service_num: (See above).
\par       start_date\tab : The service starts on this date. The data type is DATE.
\par       end_date\tab : The service ends on this date. The data type is DATE. 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {
\par Database System Implementation
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {
Language statements in the DDL and SDL of the selected DBMS are compiled and used to create the database schemas and (empty) database files. The database can then be loaded (populated) with the data. If data is to be converted from an earlier computerized
 system, conversion routines may be needed to reformat the data for loading into the new database. Here, I used CREATE TABLE and INSERT INTO statements to create tables and populated the data in Oracle8 on triton. T}{\fs22 
he design and implementation phase is over. ( Executing my BuTables.sql and TbData.sql will create all 12 tables and populate the data into those tables )
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {Querying and Results
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {I created some queries for getting, updating and modifying data information in the database. The following are some sample queries: ( CustBill.sql )
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par -- Get customer information. The customer has an account number \lquote 0000005\rquote 
\par }{\b SELECT * FROM customer WHERE account='0000005';
\par }{\fs22 
\par The result of this query is:
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh260\trleft750\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx1890\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2790\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3780\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4680\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5400\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6120\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8640\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16 CUSTOMER\cell }\pard \qc\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16\ul account\cell areacode\cell }{\fs16 telname\cell Lname\cell Fname\cell address\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trrh170\trleft1890\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx2790\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx3780\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx4680\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx5400\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx6120\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \cltxlrtb \cellx8640\pard \qc\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16 0000005
\cell 410\cell 4268002\cell John\cell Sheehe\cell }\pard \qj\widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16 4205 HARCOURT RD, BALTIMORE MD 21214\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright {\fs16 \row }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {-- Get customer's monthly phone calls and amount for each call (December, 1998 period). This is like a detailed monthly telephone bill for certain customers.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b SELECT plan_rate*call_minutes,call_place,calls.call_areacode,calls.call_telnum,
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\b   TO_CHAR(calls.call_time,'DD-MM-YY HH:MI AM'),plan_rate,call_minutes
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\b FROM planrate,calls,call_places,customer
\par WHERE plan_num=(SELECT plan_num FROM schedule
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\b                        WHERE account='0000005' 
\par                              AND TO_CHAR(end_date,'yy/mm')>='98/01' 
\par                              AND TO_CHAR(start_date,'yy/mm')<='99/12')
\par }\pard\plain \s3\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\fs22\cgrid {\fs20              AND calls.account='0000005'
\par }\pard\plain \s4\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel3\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {             AND calls.account=customer.account
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b              AND customer.areacode<>calls.call_areacode
\par              AND plan_areacode=calls.call_areacode
\par              AND calls.call_areacode=call_places.call_areacode;
\par              AND TO_CHAR(call_time,'mm/yy')='12/98';
\par }{\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {Here, I used combined queries to get different, but related information from various tables. The result is as following:
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }{\f6\fs14 PLAN_RATE*CALL_MINUTES CALL_PLACE                                         CALL_AREAC CALL_TELNUM
\par ---------------------- -------------------------------------------------- ---------- --------------
\par CALL_TIME                                                                   PLAN_RATE CALL_MINUTES
\par --------------------------------------------------------------------------- --------- ------------
\par                    .96 Manhattan, NY                                      212        3012000
\par 01-12-98 01:56 AM                                                                 .08           12
\par 
\par                    .56 Birmingham, AL                                     205        1234566
\par 01-12-98 01:07 PM                                                                 .08            7
\par 
\par                    .24 Springfield, IL                                    217        7777889
\par 05-12-98 11:04 AM                                                                 .08            3
\par 
\par                    2.8 Rhode Island, RI                                   401        6234576
\par 07-12-98 02:07 AM                                                                 .08           35
\par 
\par                   4.48 Montgomery, AL                                     334        1233333
\par 08-12-98 02:17 AM                                                                 .08           56
\par 
\par                    .88 BERMUDA                                            441        5680905
\par 10-12-98 02:32 AM                                                                 .08           11
\par 
\par                    .16 BERMUDA                                            441        2012000
\par 
\par 11-12-98 02:56 AM                                                                 .08            2
\par 
\par                   1.68 Springfield, IL                                    217        1117889
\par 12-12-98 01:24 PM                                                                 .08           21
\par 
\par                   44.2 CHINA                                              86         273312000
\par 12-12-98 06:56 PM                                                                 .85           52
\par 
\par                     .8 BERMUDA                                            441        5680905
\par 13-12-98 01:22 AM                                                                 .08           10
\par 
\par 
\par 10 rows selected.
\par }{\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {From the above, we can see that:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s16 \f3\fs22\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s16\qj\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright {
The customer, Sheehe John with account \endash  \lquote 0000005\rquote 
, has made 10 calls. For each call, you can see the call number with area code, the destination ( location ), date/time the call made, how long the call made, the rate ( fee/minute ) of each call and the am
ount ( planrate.plan_rate*calls.call_minutes ) each call was.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s16 \f3\fs22\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \s16\qj\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls2\adjustright {Let\rquote 
s analyze this combined query. First, we have to know from where we need to get the required information. So we have tables \endash  planrate, calls, call_places, customer.  Then, we have to consider the query conditions. 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi1440\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 WHERE plan_num=(SELECT plan_num FROM schedule
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22                        WHERE account='0000005' 
\par                              AND TO_CHAR(end_date,'yy/mm')>='98/01' 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {                             AND TO_CHAR(start_date,'yy/mm')<='99/12')
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22              AND calls.account='0000005'
\par              AND calls.account=customer.account
\par              AND customer.areacode<>calls.call_areacode
\par              AND plan_areacode=calls.call_areacode
\par              AND calls.call_areacode=call_places.call_areacode;
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {
Here, plan number has to be the one that the customer with account number 0000005 and he/she has to be in the schedule. Otherwise, the customer is in a different plan with different schedule.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi1440\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b 
\par SELECT plan_num FROM schedule
\par }\pard\plain \s5\qj\fi720\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {                       WHERE account='0000005' 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b                              AND TO_CHAR(end_date,'yy/mm')>='98/01' 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {\b\fs20                              AND TO_CHAR(start_date,'yy/mm')<='99/12';
\par 
\par }{\f6\fs16  PLAN_NUM
\par ---------
\par         2
\par }{The above query will give us the plan number of the customer in the schedule of January, 1998 \endash  December, 1999. So the result 2 if the plan number the customer is currently with.
\par Here, we are looking for the plan in December, 1998. The next condition is the acco
unt of the customer. Once the account of the customer is matched the account in the CALLS table, those calls will be the one for the customer. Condition customer.areacode<>calls.call_areacode is used to find out if the calls made is a local phone cal or a
 long distance call (I am not sure how this one should in the actual system). Condition calls.call_areacode=call_places.call_areacode is used to find out the destination ( address ) of the phone call the customer made.
\par }\pard \s16\qj\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 -- Get and calculate total amount and tax of all the calls the customer made for the month period(December of 1998)
\par }{\b SELECT SUM(plan_rate*call_minutes),SUM(plan_rate*call_minutes*tax_rate)
\par        FROM planrate,calls,call_places,customer,tax_rate
\par        WHERE plan_num=(SELECT plan_num FROM schedule
\par                        WHERE account='0000005' 
\par                              AND TO_CHAR(end_date,'yy/mm')>='98/01' 
\par                              AND TO_CHAR(start_date,'yy/mm')<='99/12')
\par              AND calls.account='0000005'
\par }\pard\plain \s5\qj\fi720\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel4\adjustright \b\fs20\cgrid {             AND calls.account=customer.account
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b              AND customer.areacode<>calls.call_areacode
\par              AND plan_areacode=calls.call_areacode
\par              AND calls.call_areacode=call_places.call_areacode
\par              AND area_code=customer.areacode
\par              AND TO_CHAR(call_time,'mm/yy')='12/98';
\par }{\fs22 
\par }{\f6\fs16 SUM(PLAN_RATE*CALL_MINUTES) SUM(PLAN_RATE*CALL_MINUTES*TAX_RATE)
\par --------------------------- ------------------------------------
\par                       56.76                               1.1352
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\f6\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 The result of this query is\tab 1. Total amount of all the long distance calls the customer with account \lquote 0000005\rquote  has made in month of December, 19998.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab 2.   Local tax of this amount the customer owes.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {When the customer is asking for special service information, pull out all the special services with rate the company is offering. The following is the query:
\par }\pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 -- Pull out all the special services with rate the company is offering when users ask for
\par }{\b SELECT service_name,monthly_fee FROM special_service_fee;
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {The result is:
\par }{\f6\fs16 SERVICE_NAME                                       MONTHLY_FEE
\par -------------------------------------------------- -----------
\par *69 Automatically Call Back to Previous Number               3
\par 808 Special Eight Hundred Number                             8
\par 606 Business Helper                                         10
\par }{
\par When a customer is ordering a special service, a query is going to be used to insert this information into the special_service table for that customer. This is the query:
\par -- When the customer wants a special service, the telephone system
\par -- will insert a special service information into the database with the
\par -- the period of time the customer is going to use.
\par }{\b\fs20 INSERT INTO special_service
\par VALUES  ('0000005',1002,TO_DATE('11/01/98 12:00 A.M.','MM/DD/YY HH:MI A.M.')
\par                    ,TO_DATE('12/31/98 12:00 A.M.','MM/DD/YY HH:MI A.M.'));
\par }{
\par The result is:
\par }{\f6\fs16 1 row created.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\fi720\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {\fs22\ulnone 
\par When the telephone company is billing their customers, they need a query to get all the special services the certain customer has had and get the charges for that customer. The following query does that:
\par -- Query all the special services the customer '0000005' has had
\par }{\b\fs20\ulnone SELECT service_name,monthly_fee FROM special_service_fee
\par       WHERE service_num=(SELECT service_num FROM special_service
\par                                                        WHERE account='0000005');
\par }\pard\plain \fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par The result is:
\par }{\f6\fs16 SERVICE_NAME                                       MONTHLY_FEE
\par -------------------------------------------------- -----------
\par 808 Special Eight Hundred Number                             8
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \fi720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 The above is the special service(s) the customer \lquote 0000005\rquote  has order.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {Difficulties In Process
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {I took this project very seriously and worked hard on it. Because I did my homework seriously, I didn't
 meet much trouble at the former steps. I had some trouble of separating tables so that keeping data information and querying data from these tables will be more efficient. Also finding relationship among the tables is one of the problems I have had.

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {FUTURE 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22  
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {If I had more time, I would have learned to create some views and construct GUI for my project by using Oracle FORMS and REPORT. But I am going to add these features in this break.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\qj\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \fs28\ul\cgrid {ACCOMPLISHMENT
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {I have learned the fundamentals of the database:
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs20\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {
Understanding the creation of the database structures, SQL queries to view and modify  the database  structures and data.}{\fs22  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs22\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs22 Understanding how to ma
ke and implement the queries to maintain and get the information, and how to organize, insert, update and modify data.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs22\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs22 
Understanding how to design database schemas according to the users' requirements ,and then to implement them.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f3\fs22\cgrid \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnf3\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs22 Understanding how to
 use triggers to control relationships.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\qj\fi720\widctlpar\adjustright \fs22\cgrid {In this project, I try to model a database application to maintain customers\rquote 
 information for a small international telephone company. Through the practice, I understood the process of the database design much more.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\fs22 
\par   
\par FEFERRENCE
\par 
\par In this report, I referenced my text book.
\par PL/SQL of Oracle.
\par 
\par }}